config: Add `plots.out_dir`. (#3731)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/plots/diff.md

  ```

- `-o <path>, --out <path>` - specify a directory to write the HTML file

>   containing the plots. The default is `dvc_plots/` unless
>   [`plots.out_dir`](/doc/command-reference/config#plots) config option is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  containing the plots. The default is `dvc_plots` or the value set with the
  [`plots.out_dir`](/doc/command-reference/config#plots) config option.
```

>   [`plots.out_dir`](/doc/command-reference/config#plots) config option.

Reviewer: Does it create the path if it doesn't exist?

Author: Yes
